Add IQS042 rule (#2406)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/iqs042.md

---
title: "IQS042 - The documentation provides step-by-step installation instructions for the integration, including, if needed, prerequisites"
---

IQS042 is as follows:

> The documentation provides step-by-step installation instructions for the integration, including, if needed, prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation provides step-by-step installation instructions for the integration, including, if needed, prerequisites.
```

## Reasoning

We want users to have a smooth experience when setting up an integration.
This means that the documentation should provide clear and concise instructions on how to install the integration.
This includes any prerequisites that are needed to install the integration.

## Example implementation

```markdown

> # Installation
> 
> 1. Install the app off the app store
> 2. Create an account in the app
> 3. Add a device in the app
> 4. Go to the settings page in the app
> 5. Click the "Expose API" button
> 6. Continue at Home Assistant and add the integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

1. Open the app store and install the **MyProduct** app.
2. Create an account.
3. Add a device to the app.
4. Open the app and go to the **Settings** page.
5. Select **Expose API**.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}
```

Renamed the Installation section to Prerequisites, as the configuration section is usually pulled in from the config flow. Or was this another use case here?
